Many of the solutions in this repository use CloudFormation stack sets to deploy resources to multiple accounts and/or regions. Typically stack sets are deployed via the AWS management account. If you're going to deploy stack sets from an account *other than the management account*, the account used to deploy stack sets must have a role that is allowed to assume a role in the accounts to which it will deploy resources. The role that is assumed by CloudFormation requires permission to create resources in the accounts to which the stack set will deploy resources. The templates in this repository create those required roles. First, `stack-set-admin-role.yml` creates a role in the account where stack sets will be run. This role is assumed by CloudFormation when it runs stack sets. This administration role is allowed to assume the `AWSCloudFormationStackSetExecutionRole`, which is allowed to create resources in accounts targeted by stack sets. The `AWSCloudFormationStackSetExecutionRole` is created by `stack-set-execution-role.yml` and needs to be run in all accounts where resources will be created by stack sets. The easiest way to run `stack-set-execution-role.yml` in all accounts targeted by stack sets is to run it as a stack set. However, in order to do this, you must have access to the management account because the roles required to run a stack set in any account other than the management account obviously don't exist in the target accounts yet. Note that IAM roles are global resources so you should only run the `stack-set-execution-role.yml` stack set in a single region. For more information see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/stacksets-prereqs-self-managed.html.